my dad you're in a coma you know this is
a dream
memories everywhere in a cone angles to
the same common space here in coma some
people develop unique abilities in order
to discover those abilities the person
needs a little push
danger I'm wondering what your special
ability is gonna be
the man from the balcony
is he the leader he taught us how to
survive we're here for a reason
everyone who's here didn't make it in
reality they didn't have a future there
you haven't figured out anything yet
I'm the commander here
this world is made of memories how did
they get here there's an island for your
Reapers somewhere in the coma we're
always looking for people who can help
us get there
is my life now I remember that I
couldn't be together with who I wanted
to be here it's possible
our world would never appreciate
something unusual even if it's a hundred
times better
what do you need reality for after that
we need to wake up
you can't wake up do you understand your
body is there in coma
you are here there's nothing you can do
about it
life in coma is as real as it gets I
said hold it
[Music]
you